Add `New Featured Artist: Ludicin` news post (#12830)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-02-16-new-featured-artist-ludicin.md

---
layout: post
title: "New Featured Artist: Ludicin"
date: 2025-02-16 18:30:00 +0000
---

When life gives you **Ludicin**, you make beatmaps.

![](https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/459/header.jpg)

> Some may know **Ludicin** for their track *Everlasting Eternity* produced for Beat Saber World Cup 2023, but osu! players specifically might recognize **Ludicin** for the Grand Finals tiebreaker to 2025's osu!mania 7K World Cup: [*Lost Requiem*](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325151).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some may know **Ludicin** for their track *Everlasting Eternity* produced for Beat Saber World Cup 2023, but osu! players specifically might recognise **Ludicin** for the Grand Finals tiebreaker in 2025's osu!mania 7K World Cup: [*Lost Requiem*](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2325151).
```
